[MSTA-681] Unify monitor group retention docs and add DGR preview panel (#37884)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/guide/troubleshooting-monitor-alerts.md

## Monitor groups and retention

> Datadog keeps monitor groups available in the UI for a retention period after they stop reporting, unless the query is changed. This retention period affects how long monitor groups remain visible and continue to be evaluated. The retention period depends on the monitor type and configuration; for details, see [Group retention time][23].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog keeps monitor groups available in the UI for a retention period after they stop reporting, unless the query is changed. This retention period affects how long monitor groups remain visible and continue to be evaluated. The retention period depends on the monitor type and configuration. For details, see [Group retention time][23].
```

> Datadog keeps monitor groups available in the UI for a retention period after they stop reporting, unless the query is changed. This retention period affects how long monitor groups remain visible and continue to be evaluated. The retention period depends on the monitor type and configuration. For details, see [Group retention time][23].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog keeps monitor groups available in the UI for a retention period after they stop reporting, unless the query changes. This retention period affects how long monitor groups remain visible and continue to be evaluated. The retention period depends on the monitor type and configuration. For details, see [Group retention time][23].
```
